I was assigned pages 24 through 27 of The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Stetson for a digital humanities project. We started this assignment by opening Google Docs and reviewing the excerpt we were assigned. This was actually more challenging to me than I might care to admit. I felt like it should have been easier but I am not particularly confident in my editing ability so that might be part of the reason. Also, reading through the TEI instructions on the course website, there seemed to be a lot there but things soon began to fit together and appear more manageable. After reading through it and making comments on where we would put future markups, it was time to get to coding. 

Using oxygen for the first time (not for breathing purposes) was a little intimidating as there were so many buttons and settings on the screen. XML was very new to me and even though I have had some coding experience in the past at CNU, each language is different so I wasn’t sure how this was going to go. 

Getting started was the hardest part for me because similar to everyone else, once I got started, things started to snowball and get much easier. I had some trouble with the page breaks creating errors, but other than that, my code was error free as far as I could tell. 

It was convenient that the markup code would show in a different color to almost confirm it was correct. I noticed that when not done properly, sometimes the code would not be highlighted. 

Also, I liked being able to see the green box that checked the code to know when I had it right. I was very satisfying not to mention reassuring as I was turning it in to know it wasn’t entirely wrong. 
	
Overall, this project was not what I imagined at all. I feel accomplished to have some experience with code now, and work through a DH project somewhat on my own. 
