My name is Eric OBrien and I am a senior here at CNU. I am an Information Science major with a minor in Math. I am in DH because I need to fulfill the writing intensive but also because I found this topic very interesting and pertinent to my daily life. Personally, I would not categorize myself as an academic, so I do not have much interest in attending graduate school after CNU. Beyond college, I want to peruse a career in the Research and Development department for a major league baseball team. In this job, I would be building statistical models to help make decisions to predict draft prospects and minor league call ups. I would enjoy combining my two passions, technology and baseball, in an attempt to make a meaningful impact on major league teams’ ability to win games.
In terms of personal success, I have been fortunate enough to play baseball for the last 16 years and had the chance to be on many championship teams, including the #1 nationally ranked CNU Captains in 2019. In those years, there have also been a mix of state and regional individual honors. Another personal success I take pride in was learning investing during COVID spring and summer. With all the free time, it seemed logical to make productive use of it, and I have enjoyed trading in the stock market ever since. It is a skill that will be beneficial to me well after college, and one that will hopefully pay off in financial freedom one day. 
More personally, I am from a small town in Maryland called Olney. I have a mom and dad as well as one older sister and no pets. I enjoy playing ping pong with my friends and taking walks around the neighborhood trails with my parents. 

